[Flang] Add Sphinx man page and html support for Flang (#141882)
llvm/llvm-project: flang/docs/index.rst

Flang Manual Page (In Progress)
==================================================

.. note::
    This man page is under development.

For full documentation, please see the online HTML docs:

https://flang.llvm.org/docs/

> TODO: This man page currently shows FlangCommandLineReference this with finalized man page content.

Reviewer: I suppose the `this` word is not needed here, makes it harder to read.

> TODO: This man page currently shows FlangCommandLineReference, will be ultimately replaced with finalized man page content.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this should be visible in the actual man page. It feels like a comment for developers, so may be something like this instead?

```suggestion
..
  The placeholder text "FlangCommandLineReference" below should eventually be replaced with the actual man page contents.
```
